Hello everyone and welcome to the neural networks project in this lecture I'm going to give a brief
overview of your machine learning project for the neural networks topic.
Let's go ahead and jump to the notebook for this lecture.
All right here we are at the project Notebook.
We're going to wrap up this course by taking a quick look at the real effectiveness of neural nets.
We're going to use the bank authentication data set from the UCI repository and this data consists of
five columns and it's a variant skewness kurtosis an entropy of images.
So neural nets a lot of times are used for computer image recognition.
And we're going to be doing is using wavelet transformation data to actually see if a bank note is authentic
or fake.
And if you're wondering what have wavelet transformation is you can go ahead and check out the Wikipedia
article on the wavelet transform.
But basically what you're doing is you're just taking a picture something that looks like this and you're
doing a transformation on it so that a computer can actually understand what it's looking at.
And basically we have this sort of wavelet information for banknotes and we're going to give this wavelet
information different aspects of the wavelet information to our neural network.
We're going to see if our neural network can then process that essentially image information and detect
whether a bank note is fraudulent or authentic.
What are you going to do is it's a pretty simple project you'll get the data.
You'll check the head of the data.
You can do whatever you want I figure now that at the end of the course you can create whatever visualizations
you're interested in.
We're going to skip this step for the solutions note books flash video because state it isn't super
interpretable because it's just essentially Siskel information about the wavelet transformation.
But you can go ahead and plot out however you see fit then you will just do a train to split and we'll
build a neural net and then we'll do predictions off of that neural net and we also compare it to a
random force model.
All right I hope you have a lot of fun with this last project and this should hopefully be a stepping
stone for you to tackle on your own data projects in your own life or own works place.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture when we go over the solutions for this project